src/content/docs/adventure/migration/index.md, before:

---
title: Overview
description: Moving from other chat APIs to Adventure.
tableOfContents: false
---

Moving to Adventure from other APIs is fairly straightforward. These guides
provide advice and replacements for tasks in other APIs.

* [Migrating from the BungeeCord Chat API](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api)
  * [Audiences](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#audiences)
  * [Decoration and styling](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#decoration-and-styling)
  * [Chat colors](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#chat-colors)
  * [Differences in `ComponentBuilder`](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#differences-in-componentbuilder)
  * [Immutability](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#immutability)
  * [Serializers](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#serializers)
  * [Backwards compatibility](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#backwards-compatibility)
* [Migrating from text 3.x](/adventure/migration/text-3.x)
  * [A word of caution](/adventure/migration/text-3.x#a-word-of-caution)
  * [Breaking changes from text 3.x](/adventure/migration/text-3.x#breaking-changes-from-text-3x)
  * [Serializer](/adventure/migration/text-3.x#serializer)

Commit message:

fix: change index page names only in sidebar

src/content/docs/adventure/migration/index.md, after:

---
title: Migrating to Adventure from other APIs
description: Moving from other chat APIs to Adventure.
tableOfContents: false
sidebar:
  label: Overview
---

Moving to Adventure from other APIs is fairly straightforward. These guides
provide advice and replacements for tasks in other APIs.

* [Migrating from the BungeeCord Chat API](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api)
  * [Audiences](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#audiences)
  * [Decoration and styling](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#decoration-and-styling)
  * [Chat colors](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#chat-colors)
  * [Differences in `ComponentBuilder`](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#differences-in-componentbuilder)
  * [Immutability](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#immutability)
  * [Serializers](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#serializers)
  * [Backwards compatibility](/adventure/migration/bungeecord-chat-api#backwards-compatibility)
* [Migrating from text 3.x](/adventure/migration/text-3.x)
  * [A word of caution](/adventure/migration/text-3.x#a-word-of-caution)
  * [Breaking changes from text 3.x](/adventure/migration/text-3.x#breaking-changes-from-text-3x)
  * [Serializer](/adventure/migration/text-3.x#serializer)
